{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset1 Segoe UI Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.15063}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\f0\fs22\lang9\par
Breakdance\par
Breakin uses the movement of the whole body, helps you increase flexibility, stamina, and endurance; it gets you fit, and keeps you fit, while having fun!\par
\par
Merengue\par
Do you like Latin music and dancing but can't quite get into Salsa and Bachata just yet?\par
Need an easy going dance that you can learn within a few days?\par
Then maybe Merengue is right for you. It\rquote s played at every Latin party and a fun and easy way to join the party.\par
We\rquote re gonna start with the basics, but don\rquote t be afraid things will get trickier...\par
\par
Contemporary\par
What is it? \par
Contemporary dance is a term encompassing a variety of techniques and styles closely related to ballet, modern dance, African and jazz dance. Early pioneers straying away from the classical ballet system include Mary Wigman, Isadora Duncan, Martha Graham and Merce Cunningham. Contemporary acknowledges the presence of the body in space, gravity in relation to the floor and detailed articulation of the spine. \par
Movement qualities such as fall and suspension, release, rebound, flow can be enjoyed to a variety of music in this class comprising warm up technique exercises into dynamic sequences, which may jump and travel across the floor.\par
Who is it for? \par
Everyone! Dancers with years and no dance experience are welcomed whether you are looking to improve your floor work technique learn a new dance phrase or just try out something new.\par
What should I wear?\par
Comfortable clothing that allows the body to move. Barefoot, socks or ballet shoes which ever make you feel most comfortable.\par
What do I need to bring? \par
Plenty of water and lots of energy! \par
\par
Streetdance\par
Streetdance is used to describe dance styles that developed on the streets. Street dancers often make up the routine as the go, and encourage the crows and the other dancers to interact with them. Streetdance includes hip-hop, locking, poping, house and all of the dance styles that began to appearing in the United States in the 1970s. In our classes we will try to introduce you too all of those dance styles and let you have fun with some of our routines that we've prepared for the lesson. Did you always wanted to try yourself in dancing? Or maybe you have been dancing before and you still want to continue your journey with dance? Come to our class and find out which style is the best for you. It will be all about having a good time together and sharing some good vibes, dancing to the music that will only make you feel better! We will try to make it as much creative as it is possible! \par
See you all in classes :)\par
\par
Rock\rquote n\rquote Roll Description\par
Fancy yourself a Pink Lady? Got more sass than Tracy Turnblad? Then this is the class for\par
you! Originating across the pond (in the big USA), Rock\rquote n\rquote Roll quickly became one of the\par
most popular dance style of the 50\rquote s and 60\rquote s. Guys and gals took to the dance floor to\par
boogie woogie the night away!\par
Filled with lindy hops, jives and bops, this Rock\rquote n\rquote Roll class will be fun and energetic from\par
start to finish! Whether you\rquote re a bopping beginner or a trained twister, come along to\par
Rock\rquote n\rquote Roll for a blast from the past and a real good shimmy!\par
\par
\b0\lquote Lyrical jazz: A technical and beautiful style combining your well known\par
 modern jazz with the weird and wonderful contemporary styles to create a fusion. Lyrical jazz is all about working with the lyrics of the song to tell the audience a story. Quite often this style portrayed in an incredible emotional way, but don't be fooled\par
 about the amount strength and power you need to be able to dance these pieces. Join me in this advanced class to bring together the biceps and the beauty of dance!\par
\par
Brazilian Zouk, also known as zouk lambada, is a partner dance that originates from Brazil, but was adapted from the Argantinian dance style known as Lambada. The dance style started to take hold in the world in the 1980\rquote s and is still evolving and changing as it spreads across the world today. Typically, it is a slow dance which uses long graceful steps, body isolations, turns, and sometimes whip-like hair motions. Normally it is danced to \ldblquote Zouk\rdblquote  music, which is also used by people who dance Kizomba, but can also be danced to RnB music.\par
Come along and try Brazilian Zouk and be a part of our ever expanding community!\par
\par
\par
Cha cha\par
Fun, fast and flirty; that is the ChaChaCha.\par
Since the 1950\rquote s the ChaChaCha has risen in popularity and is part of the Latin-Ballroom\par
competition programme since the late 60\rquote s. What makes it so special and engaging? Well,\par
the ChaCha is an incredible versatile dance. From the calm and smooth Cuban variant to the\par
incredible fast and complicated steps of the competition dancing the ChaChaCha simply\par
brings fun. There is no way you can dance ChaChaCha without feeling a smile spread over\par
your lips. ChaCha is for everyone who wants to feel the fire and fun of the Latin-dances with\par
a modern twist to them. Fun, fast and flirty.\par
\par
\par
Bachata \par
Bachata is a beautifully sensual partner dance, hugely popular with dancers worldwide. It is a form of music and dance that originated in the countryside and rural marginal neighbourhoods of the Dominican Republic. Its subjects are usually romantic; especially prevalent are tales of heartbreak and sadness.As with many Afro-Caribbean dances, it can feature showy footwork, or it can be danced in a very intimate closed hold. In most cases the music is slower and simpler than salsa, although that doesn't mean it can't be just as flavourful.\par
 Today, Bachata is known worldwide. Music from classic artists like Joan Soriano, Luis Vargas, and Anthony Santos, as well as they modern counterparts like Romeo Santos, Andy Andy, and Prince Royce can be found on Amazon or ITunes. Just as the music has gained popularity and recognition, the Bachata dance has left the rural countryside of the Dominican Republic to reach places like New York City, Paris, Madrid, Sydney and Tokyo.\par
\par
HIGHLAND\par
Do you want to feel a little patriotic or experience a slice of Scottish culture ?\par
Well try Highland Dancing! This centuries old dance style is fun paced, energetic\par
and a great way to make friends and have a laugh. Our showcase every year is\par
great fun and it\rquote s not everyday you get to wear a kilt and dance to bagpipe music.\par
Our classes are open to all individuals from beginner to champion level. Come\par
and try and highland fling till the cows come home!\par
\par
Lyrical jazz\par
 A technical and beautiful style combining your well known\par
 modern jazz with the weird and wonderful contemporary styles to create a fusion. Lyrical jazz is all about working with the lyrics of the song to tell the audience a story. Quite often this style portrayed in an incredible emotional way, but don't be fooled\par
 about the amount strength and power you need to be able to dance these pieces. Join me in this advanced class to bring together the biceps and the beauty of dance!\par
\par
Commercial is\par
 a fusion dance, which has gotten influences from jazz and show dance and various street styles such as\par
hiphop. It goes hand in hand\par
 with the commercial music and entertainment business, hence the name, and it is a very commonly seen style on mainstream music videos and live concerts. It is usually danced to modern-day\par
 pop, r&b and hiphop music. This class\par
 offers you an energetic, sexy, feminine and entertaining blend of different dance styles!\par
\par
\par
Streetdance\par
Streetdance means many different things for different people and it is usually done right with a group of people coming together and jamming. We do everything from locking to old school to whipping and nae-naeing. You are also welcome and encouraged to develop your own street-style during the classes and simply just express yourself freely. Come and join us and bring a few friends while you\rquote re at it. See you in class! \f1\u-10179?\u-8704?\f0\par
\par
\par
Breakdance conditioning\par
This class will be treated as a workshop every class. this level will be open for everybody because the training will be optimised depending on the level of the dancers. \par
\par
\par
Modern Dance\par
Originating as an early twentieth century rebellion to the classical, technically demanding\par
styles of dance such as ballet, modern dance is characterised by freedom and creativity of\par
movement. The dancers will be encouraged to create dynamic lines and travel with breadth,\par
fluidity and expression. Modern is a complex form of dance as it is not strictly limited to one\par
style of choreography or feeling; the dancers will therefore experience both fast jazz and\par
elegant lyrical combinations in a modern class.\par
The class is intermediate so previous experience in modern or similar dance styles and\par
techniques (jazz, lyrical, contemporary, etc) is highly preferred. Bare feet or jazz shoes are\par
the best options for modern dance (bare feet being the most preferable!), but any other\par
appropriate footwear that allows you to dance in comfort and to the best of your technical\par
ability won\rquote t be an issue!\par
\par
}
 